# Project 2 Requirements

In this project, the Cohort will be divided into 5 teams.

-   Each team will be tasked with the analysis of a large dataset (10-15
    thousand records) using our E-Commerce data structure.

-   Data should be processed and cleaned using PySpark. 

-   A Power BI report should be created and visualizations shown answering
    specific analysis questions (found below).

-   All findings should be presented in a slide deck. All team members must
    participate in the presentation.

-   The presentation will be held Friday, 01/24/2025

The dataset to be analyzed will also be generated by each team, and
swapped with other teams to find trends.

## The project timeline process

1)  By the End of the Day of Friday, 01/17/2025, Each team should have produced a
    data generator.

-   This generator should output a .csv file with 10-15 thousand records

-   The generator should produce data that matches the schema below

-   The data should have rogue records (slightly altered data) which
    makes up less than 5% of the total data

    -   This can be done programmatically, or manually

2)  By end of day Thursday, 01/23/2025, each team should be complete
    with their analysis of the dataset they received (see Data Analysis
    Questions below).

3)  By Friday, 01/24/2025, presentation should be complete and practiced,
    ready to present.

## Data Analysis Questions

-   What is the top selling category of items? Per country?

-   How does the popularity of products change throughout the year? Per
    country?

-   Which locations see the highest traffic of sales?

-   What times have the highest traffic of sales? Per country?

## E-Commerce Data Structure

![Table Description automatically
generated](images/table.png)

## Sample Data (CSV)

![Text Description automatically generated with medium
confidence](images/example_rows.png)
